Excellent food, we had a really good time. Many authentic dishes to try. The food was spicy which I like a lot. A lot of the chicken dishes were especially tasty.I liked the desserts a lot. The one with the bread and brown sauce was my favorite, I would come back here just for this one.Overall excellent place with excellent service, and I can't wait to come back here again.	5
We came here on a Saturday to try the lunch buffet. The variety was excellent and has by far the largest number of dishes of the Indian restaurants in the Boston and Cambridge area. We came here before 12:30 and we beat the crowd. The $16 buffet included mango lassii (a bit bit too sweet but you can dilute it with water) and marsala tea. the service was also very good unlike some of the Yelp reviews i read. Our favorite items are vegetarian biryani with cardamon,  chili mushroom , corn fritters, chicken liver, and the bread pudding like dessert. Don't forget to check in on Yelp for the $2 coupon.	4
Long story short. Was I impressed? No. Would I go here again? Maybe not. Let me begin by saying if you are vegetarian you may not like this restaurant. But if you like the Hyderabadi veg dum biryani then you may like this restaurant. First of I don't like biryani simply because I find it dry and full of uncooked and unbalanced masala. 3 other people who were with me liked the biryani. Service was one of the worst though. A popular restaurant (which this was) should run like a well oiled machine. However the servers weren't very efficient. I'm not sure if it was because it was Deepavali or generally this restaurant is busy but it was full. We only tried the biryani and the vegetarian appetiser platter (pretty small for $12) and the mirchi bhaji (this was extremely spicy) The restaurant seems to be more popular for non vegetarian dishes.  For me it was slightly below average.	2
I was there for the past two Saturday's, I go for the open buffet they have so many selections and the food taste amaaazing and the price is so affordable, only $15 a person all you can eat and fruits included and some juices. Most what i like a bout that the food is Halal and you cant find that every where. There is enough parking thankfully and the staff is nice.	5
UNPROFESSIONAL STAFF!!! Yes, they are very very unprofessional and i was surprised to find worst service at this branch of Godavari at Woburn which claims to be the first ever branch. It looks like they have taken their customers as granted and do not want to imrpove anymore. I have been a regular customer at Godavari, Schaumburg, IL. Their service and the variety of food served in a buffet was really amazing and impressive which made me go for this Godavari and I am utterly disappointed. I have been to the lunch buffet on a Sunday afternoon around 2PM. I see that there are many customers who have been coming till 3:15 (their buffet closes at 3:30). There were atleast 7-9 staff who are roaming here and there in the hallway and none of them is actually working, They are just putting a show off but absolutely doing nothing. Its is shameful to see this kind of behavior at an Indian restaurant, guys please wake up and behave. So I was at the buffet and at least for 10 times I have went to the staff requesting to refill items in the buffet, everyone nods their head, walks here and there and I don;t understand why don't they refill or at least let the customer know if they do no have anything to refill. At the same time I have seen them refilling non-veg main-course and appetizers at least 5 time within 30 mins. So does it mean that they just don't care for vegetarian customers?? I have asked a lady who was at the reception and even she doesn't act to refill and manage the restaurant, as if she is only given instructions to get ready and walk here and there. I am very badly disappointed with the service and rude behavior of the staff. Will never recommend this restaurant to anyone.	1
We had gone here for dinner late on a Sunday night. The service was excellent and food was delectable. We had a "no onion and garlic" special need for one person in our party. The waiter offered to make fresh chutney without onion and garlic for us. Given the late hour that we arrived, some items were unavailable. This is understandable. For an out-of-towner, this restaurant turned out to be a gastronomical delight.	4
Very nice experience.awesome food.filled with typical Indian village style food.i must say this there waiters are very friendly and helpful.good job guys.	5
The reviews on Yelp perplex me but maybe I'm missing something because the restaurant was full of those of this ethics cuisine but still my food was not to my liking, not at all. Came here after work and the place was crowded with people, I was the only Caucasian in the place. I had at that moment very high hopes. The menu was diverse and even offered some Asian fusion blends of southern Indian cuisine. They do not serve wine as advertised on Yelp but as no one else was drinking I was fine with it. No need on a Monday night. The restaurant is very open and bright with paper place mats for utensils and what feels like Pyrex plates. It screams cheap eats but it really is not based on the standard prices on the menu. I ordered the chicken curry, mutton vindaloo and the lamb biriyani. The sauces were more lumpy than I've seen before but the flavors were good. Until I got to the meat. Rarely have I found bone in my chicken curry. Likewise the pieces of mutton on the plate of biriyani were extremely fatty and most had bone. Over half of the mutton was inedible. The lamb vindaloo was better but I found something soft I couldn't identify. Best not to dwell too much. I brought almost all of it home as I couldn't eat it all and wouldn't. While I will not return something truly draws the people here based on the reviews and the clientele. Some people love the fat on barbecue, I'm not one of them and like this place I'm not going to become a long term client. Many ordered the dosas but even those looked as tho they had little filling to account for the price. Cheap eats it is not but cheap on the quality of food most definitely. The three stars? Hard to say I couldn't give it two based on the clientele. The nice staff and the lamb vindaloo and chicken curry I did first enjoy, if not with trepidation. Maybe others have better experiences than I had but I was extremely disappointed! This is not the Indian fix I wanted.	3
Lots and lots of sauce, no meat, broken Mango Lassi machine. The taste was not too bad but it's all sauce and food barely gets refilled before it's gone again!! There are better in the area.	2
Best Indian buffet I've had in the Greater Boston area so far - huge variety and everything is excellent. Especially love their South Indian Chicken/Goat curries.	5
Went there for weekday and weekend buffet. Lots of selection and everything is spiced very well. Food ranges from medium to spicy.	5
I had heard good reviews about the food here, so thought will give it a try, even though it's a bit far from me, but when I reached more than an hour before the usual closing (which I checked on the website before going), the gentleman at the desk told us they running out of food and refused to accommodate us. He was not particularly welcoming and was in a rush to somewhat 'boot us out'. By then, all other restaurants also closed down so it became a bad eveningTheir food is probably good, but I am not risking another hour's drive to be disappointed again. Good food is one of things people go out to eat for (not the only one) There's a difference between good business and good hospitality and I hope the management is able to appreciate that soon.	1
Food is avarage. Iam here for july 4th for lunch buffet . Appetizers are full of food coloring and sesame seads. And fish and chicken same tatse . Liked oly veg punuku , in appetizers. but it also consists of sessme . Currys- Butter chicken curry , dal are good .Nattu kodi and prawns currys , paneer ,are sweet in taste . Biryani- total disaster . smells and taste is overpowering with pudina . Can call pudina biryani. Desserts- samya payasam -vary watery , custrud is avarage. Tea is good . Most off crowd are students. They will like the food bcz they will miss indian food . But for indian families its waste . We will be disappointed by food colors and similar tastes in all curries. Service- after W8ing for 30min we are seated. But no one came to ask for drink . They are around 4 boys serving all ,are vry busy . We refilled our own water glasses. And we placed our own used plates in trash .	2
The best Indian restaurant in Boston area.we really like the food.we went there with my office people and all of them really love the food and the atmosphere.i just can't believe about other reviews about service!! Because the staffs are very friendly and attentive.all over good experience in godavari.	5
Ok ...we were fans of Godavari and almost 5 stars. We drive down to this place for their buffets and generally leave happy.Just been there today...they remodeled and all but quality is clearly suffering. The papad was like as if served in the same oil container in which it was fried, poori was also terrible and oily.The desserts were awesome except for custard that they don't get right. Yogurt rice is one of the best.I really hope they do not go down the path of decreasing quality like many restaurants and today's visit makes us less of a fan and will be a while before we come back and that is sad -:(. We were proud of this place until now...	3
Visited for weekday lunch buffet. Poor service!!The items are never refilled until we ask them!!! And they took around 10-15 min to refill during peek hours!!!Coming to food, Chicken Biriyani and gongura rice were good. Special mention to the Sambar. So far the best sambar in Boston area!!	3
The food is good but the service is so bad it's almost comical. The staff are unsupervised and serve you in a random unpredictable way. The staff mostly cluster around the cashiers desk chatting and staring at their customers. We stood at the door for 15 minutes before we were able to catch someone's eye. He showed us to a table buried away near a storage area. We waited 15 more minutes and then moved ourselves to another location. It was an hour before we began to eat. The order arrived one by one with about 10 minutes between each. First the yogurt then the roti then the chicken then the biryani. Each served after the earlier dish had been eaten. We'll probably never come back here but I would be remiss in not mentioning the food is pretty good. That's why they get a star.	1
Every weekend we turn to Godavari for a Sunday buffet and we are even more in love with it since they renovated and expanded their restaurant... But there are serious things they should start considering!!! 1. To provide chicken or goat dum biryani for Saturday and Sunday lunch buffets 2. To not allow so much of waiting crowd into the restaurant. It's really disturbing to people who are eating 3. After expansion, there are more people coming into the restaurant, please provide enough food for all...	4
This place was quite good when they first opened, but it's not what it was anymore. They are extra slow with take out orders (they tell you 30 minutes and you'll still wait at least another 10-15 before leaving), the food is overly salty, lines for lunch are outrageous. In a location where Indian cuisine is highly populated, I would rather go elsewhere with quality and better prices.	2
Best buffet in town. The wide range of varieties.On weekends.. get ready to wait for lunch buffet..Most of the time they are busy..With the taste of food it's obvious I guess.	4
First horrible experience at Godavari. Its around 2.30PM four of us reached for their lunch buffet. Items in menu sounded promising and few people items were missing and when i reached to them they said they would fill them up soon. But it took them forever to refill it. They had interesting item ulvacharu chicken in their course when i tried it first time i liked it and they vanished soon. It took them very long to refill and once they refilled i tried it was shocking it wasn't the same kind of chicken that we ate earlier it was tandoori chicken dumped in ulvacharu. The next one they had peanut chutney which was liquid enough to be called as sambar and it was ginger chutney rather than a peanut chutney. The items were not filled soon and we had to wait with empty plates they just managed to do some refill to make sure they are refilling till 3:30. Seriously a big disappointment over the weekend the fastest and tastiest chain in US for south Indian food turns out to be a disaster.	1
I go to meditation next door and finally decided to try Godavari last night. They were great about ordering take-out in person and having it ready 30 or so minutes later. I loved the inside and think it'd be nice to relax and eat there. I ordered the mutton biryani (mild) and a goat dish. I asked for the goat dish to be spicy and they did not disappoint. My friend loved it. I thought the biryani had a bit of a kick to it but it wasn't over powering so I enjoyed it. I loved the smell of the food - so rich and perfumey. I didn't see the usual naan bread that we like but I was in a hurry. The price for the two dishes (which were huge) was fantastic. I'm just not a fan of all the bones; I understand goat but it's a new thing to me to have bones with mutton or lamb. We'll definitely go back either to eat in or try take-out.	4
Below average food, pathetic service - the food was dropped on the table instead of being served. The server handed me my plate because he couldn't wait long enough to make space on the table. We had to ask for chutney 3 times before it made it to our table. One of the servers also touched the trash can right after delivering food. We were extremely disappointed with our visit and wish we had gone somewhere else.	1
For all of you who don't know what Godavari is, it is name of a river (and a place) in southern part of India. Food in southern part of India is very different from northern part - south India is very famous for different kinds of breakfast and spicy food!Godavari Woburn is one of the best south Indian restaurants I have been to in the US. I grew up eating food they serve here so I know that this is authentic Indian food and buffet here is a must try.I suggest going a bit early to beat the rush if you are planning on visiting this place for lunch on a workday. Vegetarian food is physically placed in a different row than non-vegetarian food, which is a good thing. There are a couple of appetizers during buffet like mirchi bajji, onion pakoda etc., Sambar here is so good that just thinking about it is making my mouth watery! They generally have white rice, some special rice like coconut, biryani, couple of curries, sambar, rasam. There is coconut, groundnut and tomato chutney for uttapam - groundnut chutney (brown color) is my favorite of the three!You can end the meal with curd rice (yogurt) and couple of desserts. Don't forget masala chai, you can take it to go to stay awake for a while after a huge meal.Waiting staff is very friendly, quick to clean up the tables, refill water and dishes in buffet. I heard that they are opening another branch in Framingham and they have many other branches all over the US.Icing on cake: If you check-in on yelp as of July 21 2016, you get $2 off on your bill!	4
One of those rare places where you will find authentic Indian food with spice levels matching the Indian palette and is easily one of the top places for Indian Cuisine around the city. No wonder this place is always crowded! Normally there's always a long wait for a table (we've walked away several times in the last few months because of the hour long wait time). Today we were determined to try the much talked about buffet so we walked in half an hour before the restaurant could open and to our surprise there were people already sitting in, waiting for it to open too! Today marked the grand opening of the extended half of the restaurant. They've changed the interiors and made it more fun by adding elements from a classic Indian dhaba with Telugu songs playing in the background.The food as usual was excellent! They had a very wide variety of offerings for both vegetarians and non vegetarians. The best part is they offered a lot of authentic South Indian dishes which are hard to find. The dessert section had 3 options including pudding, aam rass and the chickoo shake which was to die for! But my favorite was the masala fish which was served inside a banana leaf. The staff is very friendly and jovial and will keep you entertained.P.S don't forget to try their garlic fish/chicken and Kingfisher beer!	4
Good food kind employees there food is a little spicy but they have great food its a clean restaurant with a great buffet i would highly recommend godavari if your in the mood for indian food	5
I don't know if this place is related to the Godavari in Long Island, NY (Hicksville) but this place is a gem. Many Indian buffets are lacking in selection or quality dishes but this place has both, ranging from rich daals to thick curries to various crunchy fried items both vegetarian and non-vegetarian. The first sign that you've landed in the right place is that over 50% of the lunch diners here are Indian. (I don't know about you but I don't get good vibes from restaurants which cooks food of a certain culture but yet members of that same culture eschew them). A lot of people stop here for their lunch break during work (a good sign). They don't skimp on the spices (not to be confused with heat). Service was attentive but not intrusive. I felt very much at home; even though it wasn't the same type of curries I ate in Singapore as a little schoolkid, it definitely felt like they were cooked with the same type of love I remember street hawkers putting into my food as a ten year old.	5
I am going to update my review here and add another star. The onion and chili utappa was too spicy but the guys very kindly replaced it with a less spicy version. Honestly speaking I love this place but I find everything I have tried so far too spicy. My friends have stopped going to this place because of its spice levels. If only they could take notice of it. Thanks in advance! Below is my previous review -Tasty food but super slow service. I would love to go back again and I did once but repented again. There's nothing really to say about this place except for please please please improve your service. I am sure other people would love that too. We spent more time waiting for the food than actually having it. The menu is good, the food really good, prices are great too, an okay ambience but terrible service. I hope they will some day!	4
I really like Godavari. It's changed hands a few times and my former in laws (who are Indian) don't LOVE it, but I do and know it does the trick in a pinch. (Supposing you don't know an Indian family to feed you at home, this place is pretty good). Decent biryani, nice mutton fry (ask for it dry) and delicious lassi!! Their dosas are delicious as well. Check this place out. It's fast, near a major road so you can get lost and usually had plenty of parking.	5
Ome of the most sought after indian buffet places. They carry a very peculiar south indian food taste. So don't go here thinking you ll get the best north Indian or punjabi food. Their south Indian food is finger licking good. Gets packed on weekends they just expanded so not hard to find place. They even have a food truck.	4
It was our first time here. Mom heard good reviews from my aunt. I wasn't impressed though. There were a ton of dishes for the lunch buffet, some of them were cold from sitting out. I found the food super spicy and I can handle some heat. If you haven't had South Indian food it might not be what some may be use to like North Indian food which is found in majority of restaurants and buffets.	3
One of the best places if not the best place to try great Indian food and easy on the pocket. The staff is friendly, ambience is great, food is superb. Tried the Tandoori chicken, chicken tikka masala, and hyderabadi chicken biryani. 10/10 for the food except the biryani which was decent but not the best iv had in Boston. 8/10 for the biryani. The desserts were awesome, gulab jamun & ras malai.  Must visit place if ur a foodie and love Indian food. Will definitely go again. The lunch buffet is vast and great variety of food for 14$	4
I admit having had chaat at Rajbhog in Jackson Heights, Queens last night was not good preparation for coming here. But Wow! I was thoroughly unimpressed with the food. And not just a sevral things; across the board objectively bad. Biggest issues were that the food was not fresh.I ordered the South Indian food since they're marketed as 'Truly South Indian'.Sambar Idli 1/5. From someone who doesn't mind denser idlis, it was still too dense for me. Not rock hard, but wasn't fresh and was definitely not soft as a pillow. (And yes, I know they microwave these, but this was cooked many days, if not weeks ago).Sambar Vada 0/5. They were small and fried, but not much beyond that. Under seasoned, over salted, . Under cooked, doughy, center, fried crispy outside that got lost in the under cooked center. Chutneys could not undo the texture. 3 came in the order, 2.5 sent back. Hopefully I don't get sick.Masala Dosa 2/5. Dosa 3/5. Masala 1/5. Dosa was a bit greasy and thin. Couldn't get any sense of flavor when it's so crisply and thin. Masala, like the idli, was not fresh.I also had a taste of the flavorless uthappam (1/5) and overpoweringly hingy/asafoetiday samosa(0/5). When walking out, I looked at all the other tables and saw none had ordered south Indian. Maybe that's why my experience was different from others'. Still unacceptable to call this 'Truly South Indian'. I'm not even curious to try their North Indian menu.	1
One star for service and a second one for ambiance. Place has expanded and waiters are attentive. Nice background music. Food however is subpar. Buffet lunch had only chicken meats. No lamb, fish. No tandoori. Needs fuller description on whats on each dish and how spicy: ie cheese spicy 4 out of 5 etc	2
I would honestly have given them ZERO stars if I could, but can't do it here. Tried it once and never coming back again. The service is definitely the worst I've ever seen in the Boston area. Here's everything that I had to deal with:Cleanliness - The people cleaning the tables are the ones serving the food. They are also the ones handling the to-go boxes and taking orders. There is no cleaning hands in the middle. First sign of mismanagement and irresponsibility.Seating - There was no one at the door to get you seated. There's a huge queue waiting to get seated and there's a tiny book where you have to put your name down. Luckily, one of the couple's waiting told us to do it otherwise, we would just be waiting forever. We got our tables after 30 mins while one was sitting uncleaned for all of that time. Ordering - It took the servers 15 mins to get to our table. After overhearing some people that food was taking over an hour to come out, we ordered as soon as someone showed up. We were told the food will take 15 mins. Food - Well, we waited 1 hour to get our Idli with completely cold Sambhar. Then waited another 30 mins to get our Dosa. We had also ordered fish for the table. After asking the servers 5 times about it (over 2 hours passed since we ordered), none of them seemingly caring about it they finally said 5 mins. After 10 mins, our server told us if we want to cancel the fish coz it was burnt/overcooked. At this point, after waiting over 2 hours, we didn't even get to do dinner coz they messed up our order so bad. I was furious but just asked for the check and decided to leave. Service - What can I say. It was the worst ever. We asked for water, hot Sambhar, the fish, clean napkins...but nothing ever came except water that was refilled once. An absolute nightmare. It seemed like they were all preoccupied with filling the phone orders which were coming out every 2 mins. They also tried to give us wrong dishes 3 times. We also noticed people waiting for over 30 mins to give their order and complaining on the nearby tables.Never coming back here. Can't believe how they have so many decent reviews, probably regulars who come at off hi hours. Management please take notice if you care about your regular sit down restaurant business! I'm definitely spreading word of my experience.	1
This place is truly amazing in terms of food (if you are into spicy food) and hospitality.Its lively with vibrant staff and management.I happened to order food for a surprise party I had at my place and the Godavari team made sure that the surprise was indeed intact (they agreed to deliver the food exactly when I called them). The food was just the way I wanted ,all the minute changes mentioned to the menu were taken care of and all the items were delicious. A favorite for everyone of my guests is 'rajugari chicken' .Each one of them made it a point to visit this place again	5
Just tried this place for lunch today: ordered online and picked it up.OUTSTANDING Chicken Tikka Masala!	4
This is the probably the worst dining experience I ever have in the US - watch out before you get there. Lack of management and below average food - waste of time and money.I also heard that people get sick after eating their food.	1
I went with my parents on a Tuesday night and had a terrible experience. We ordered some idlies and few dosa. The food was not hot at all and tasted stale. Dosas were the worst I have had in my life. We got there at 7:15pm and the dosas arrived on our table at 8:20pm. Who serves this late!? Also, the service is general was terrible. We asked for chutney and we only got it after half n hour. Never order spring dosa! All they did was used mysore dosa and added RAW cabbage and green pepper. This restaurant is definitely losing its taste. I really hope they improve or at least keep their name. It used to be good. But like any other Indian restaurant, NOT ANY MORE! I feel bad that I took my parents here. They had a HORRIBLE experience.	1
This restaurant used to be good. We arrived at 7.30pm on a weeknight. Restaurant is open till 10pm. They ran out of coconut chutneys for our appetizer. We were told there was a long wait if we ordered dosas. Food took forever to arrive. We ordered Channa batura, came with 2 baturas, but the channa was not enough even for 1 batura. Food was not hot. We were not offered refills. Very disappointed. Didnt enjoy as much as I remember from my previous visits.Now looking for alternate restaurants with good vegetarian options.	3
After trying a good 8 or so places, all with absolutely horrible food, I'd given up on Indian in this area until a friend recommended Godavari.This place is fantastic! Southern Indian as well! The last solid Southern Indian place I'd found was in Manhattan and they are long out of business, so that was a big added bonus.I went for dinner, not buffet. It's always encouraging when you walk in and find a place packed with diners of the ethnic origin matching the restaurant's cuisine.We had a handful of the apps, the veg pakoda and the samosa were really good the samosa was really nicely seasoned. The chicken tikka masala was awesome (for some reason up here everyone makes it with a massive amount of vinegar in it, it's not supposed to be sour) and I had the chicken Chettinadu and it was perfect. The naan was also very well cooked and flavored (we had the garlic).If you are a fan of hot food, this place will be a hit. "spicy" is very well balanced, good and hot but not so much it wipes out the overall flavor of the dish. If you are sensitive to hot foods be sure to tell them to make your dish mild and they will.Portions are very generous, service is very friendly and attentive. Prices are very reasonable. The decor is super casual and quirky. It's a bit noisy but not overly so.I'm very happy to have finally found a solid Indian place after two years of horrible mistakes.	5
Excellent flavor. Very spicy. Be prepared. Bring TUMS to quell the heat. Atmosphere not that great. Servers are nice. Others comment on waiting an hour for food. Not the case for us. Majority of clientele were Indian which is a good sign.	4
Sensational food! Visited this restaurant based on a recommendation by a Client. The result of our visit here this evening was a great meal.The server was super friendly and pointed out some foods to try on our next visit!Excellent value, excellent food, excellent staff!	5
Have been to the restaurant once and ordered take out once. I would say instead of eating in, order take out. They are swamped on the weekends, and cannot keep up.Talking about the food - amazing.Love the taste of their sambar. Dosas are really good too.Did not like their curries that much. But that being said i should not be ordering curries at a south indian restaurant.Will definitely be ordering from here again.	4
Food used to be great, but now is often cold, overcooked, raw spiced and unpleasant. I could still recommend the medu vada and gongura chicken kabab. But the long wait for a table on weekends, long waits for some dishes like dosa and frequently unavailable items on the menu has taken Godavari off my go-to places.	3
Buffet is really good.. chicken pulao n mutton pulao are awesome.. you put those in a la carte menu also please !!	4
Food is good n spicy. Mixed reviews about service everytime we go. Sometimes its awesome someone they just are ignorant. Really depends on the waiter. 3 for the food and specially chicken lollipop	3
South Indian buffet. Love it. Very fresh, tasty and clean. They had duck curry which is not something I usually see at Indian places. Plenty of briyanis and vegetarian options. The red wings are very good! You'll pay just $15 per person. Worth it for the quality of food offered here. If you're finding this place with GPS just note the place faces the Main Street, across from dunkin donuts. Just look for the crowd of Indians waiting to get a table.	5
This is one of the best Indian food in Boston. It has a great blend of authentic South Indian and North Indian taste. I have tried many things such as chicken chettinad, chicken biryani, lamb curry, gobi manchurian(it was awesome), garlic naan everything was good but sometimes Its little oily. Overall great place to go for an Indian meal. The Buffett is also nice with some great desserts. Mango lassi is a must try.	4
Went here for dinner by myself, while traveling on business. The location is pretty convenient, just off of I-90. Dining by ones self at any Indian restaurant means you will be taking things home, the portions are meant for sharing.I had my two favorite dishes, the Lamb Vindaloo and Aloo Gobi. One vegetarian dish and one non. Plus some butter naan. Dishes were served with rice. I basically had enough for two, so I took half home for my lunch. Both dishes were excellent. I ordered the medium heat since I haven't tried this place before, and the heat was perfect.Atmosphere was relaxed with some nice music playing. The place started to get crowded at about 7:30pm. They have a buffet for lunch but not for dinner.	4
They take orders only from their regulars. So if you're new, don't even bother wasting your time driving all the way. Their kitchen closes an hour before the closing time. While they told us that only biriyani was available, we heard them taking dosa, naan and curry orders from adjacent tables. How would you get new customers if you only cater to serve the ones who frequent your place? We've been to plenty of Indian restaurants across US and this is the worst experience we've ever had! A note to the management; Either train your staff to be professional or hire folks who demonstrate basic courtesy required for such jobs.	1
Open at 12 on weekends. $14 with tax for the weekend buffet. Authentic south Indian food with at least 3 types of briyani and a pilaf. You'll be spoiled with all the variety they put out.Plenty of vegetarian options n for the carnivores too. Heat level of food is spicy. They are catering for the South Indian community in the North Shore, so if you like your food mild-you are not going to enjoy the food here. But come anyways to try the authentic spice of South Indian cuisine. Service is good. some waitstaff are very attentive n helpful while others are not so. Highly recommended	4
Best south indian restaurant in Boston area. Period. Authentic indian food with fresh ingredients. Friendly staff, always around ro give you recommendations. My personal favorites are Raju garu kodi veppudu and maharaja fried rice.	5
Save your money and belly. This restaurant is the worst in Boston area. The service and food is sub optimal. We had an adverse reaction to this restaurant's food. Additionally, servers don't remember what you ordered and when you ask for something common with South Indian food (e.g.: chutney with your dosa, they tell you that chutney is not served with this dosa). It's a customer's decision on how to eat their food not the restaurant's. We later found out that the restaurant had not prepared chutney at all!!If you are reading this review, stay away from this restaurant, or if you do go, be ready to end up in the nearby Lahey clinic!